you
after you went away I was with how
things were give the baby up for
adoption
can I Drive by myself
daddy you can drive when we get outside
them rain okay but we need to get our
son back
everything's gonna be fine I love you
on the first visit we're gonna tell Joey
the porters are just friends can I give
you a hug the next time we'll refer to
them as the other mommy and daddy and on
the final visit he'll be told the truth
can't be right here we're back
mr. Porter I give you half a main tubs
in cash what do you want I want my son
and you can't have him not for no money
I know you are ripping this boy away
from the only life he's ever known
do you have any idea what that's going
to do to him when I need to get another
right friend to be with us his mother
must be peeled the same way I did
mother and I will always be with you no
matter what movie you know me better be
more plain so
I didn't mean to hurt him I was driving
by son we have to pack our things and go
we'd never be able to come back we'd
have Joey somebody is gonna lose it's
not gonna be us this